so here I have a cups of water and we're
gonna go ahead and put the ribs in the
pots and wait for it to boil okay so now
let's get the vegetable ready first
we're gonna gonna pound the shallots to
release its flavor
I don't pound at heart like I did I
smashed a thing next you're gonna also
pound the Julie pepper and then make a
slit cut in the middle and put it aside
okay
the lemongrass the part where you cut in
like about two inch or three inch slice
thick now you can slice it in half and
then you cannot pound it
but don't use the back of the knife like
I did it's very dangerous you can use
any are too hot you know heavy tools to
pound it okay and the rest I'm gonna
thinly slice them and put aside and
never with the galangal it's very strong
flavor you don't have to use too many I
only use for slice in the soup today
this is very very strong flavor
okay now the water is boiling so go back
to the pot and steam out the gunk on the
soup make sure you keep doing this until
the water get clearer and the for me
talk and have a little white color in it
it means that the most of the dirty gunk
already come out so continue until you
you remove all of them like this
okay after this we're just gonna go
ahead and lower the heat down to low and
then after you load the heat down you
can add in the rest of the ingredients
which is the shallots the lemongrass and
the hot chili pepper if you want to if
you would like the flavor of lemongrass
you can use more than one stock and if
you like more spicy you can add dried
chili peppers in all of your light now
cover the lid and let it simmer and cook
for about 30 minutes 20 minutes
okay it's been 30 minutes let's see how
they're doing perfect
it looked like the wrist is tender now
so this is a good time where we're gonna
add the rest of the lemongrass and the
seasonings I don't want to add the
lemongrass the other half of the lemon
grass so soon because it's gonna flavor
kind of dined out a little bit so it by
adding it later it's gonna make it more
fresher the flavor for your lemongrass
and then you can add in the fish sauce
if you like most we cannot add more
sugar but here I have only three
tablespoon of sugar it's perfectly for
the pot that I cook today with a cup of
water salt and finally the chicken
powder like I say if you want more sweet
more salty just add a little more fish
sauce and the sugar only and here's the
hot chili pepper crushed or flecked a
lot of people call it you can add more
if you like more spiciness but I think
this is good amount of spice for the
soup
okay just pour them all in and right now
this is the good time for you just to
taste a little bit of it so this is a
final step in cooking the soup we kind
of put all the vegetables in here I have
cabbage and again you can use bean
sprout or carriage of mushroom or any
vegetable you prefer okay I'm gonna cook
up about two or three more minutes or
until it's a little bit tender not too
too tender I like it stay crunchy and
now we're gonna prepare the herbs when I
cut the culantro in little slice thinly
slice put it aside and with the line we
can start to go ahead and cut the line
in half or you can cut it in little
pieces if you want I just want to
prepare the juice ahead of time so I
don't have to squeeze it in every time I
need it okay see this this is my lime
juice it's very cute I use it a lot
we've got a lot of juice our farm
line and before we begin I like to tell
I'll show you how to pick a good line
you want to pick the one with the shiny
skin you see that how shiny and thin it
is you got a lot of choose from it you
don't want to want that to dry and then
kind of bumpy okay so just squeeze it
all out
okay after we finish you can put it
aside in a bowl for later serving like I
said you can cut blinding watches if you
like this is just more convenient okay
so now we're going to get ready to scoop
out the mix and ready to eat
now with the line add as much as you
like it depend house how we wanted it's
supposed to be sweet sour and little bit
salty
enjoy